Docs: related block; new demos; minor fixes and expansions (#8250)
ckeditor/ckeditor5: packages/ckeditor5-block-quote/docs/features/block-quote.md

Here are some other CKEditor 5 features that you can use similarly to the block quote plugin to structure your text better:

> * {@link features/indent Block indentation feature}  &ndash; Set indentation for text blocks such as paragraphs or lists.

Reviewer: In the guides above we got rid of "feature" (block indentation feature etc.), maybe we can also get rid of them in other guides?

> * {@link features/code-blocks Code block feature}  &ndash; Allows for insertion of various code listings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* {@link features/code-blocks Code block feature}  &ndash; Allows for insertion of longer, multiline code listings.
```
